readme update (#1)
espressif/esp-docs-mdbook: README.md

[![Example Docs](https://img.shields.io/badge/https%3A%2F%2Fespressif.github.io%2Fesp-docs-mdbook%2F?style=plastic&logoColor=%23e7352c&label=Example&labelColor=e7352c)](https://espressif.github.io/esp-docs-mdbook/)

A custom [mdBook](https://github.com/rust-lang/mdBook) theme based on Espressif’s documentation styling, providing a consistent look and feel for your documentation projects.

## Features

- Clean and modern documentation design

> - Custom styling matching [esp-docs](https://docs.espressif.com/projects/esp-docs/en/latest/) aesthetics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Styling that aligns with [esp-docs](https://docs.espressif.com/projects/esp-docs/en/latest/) aesthetics
```
(remove double "..ing")

- Built-in blazing fast full-text search functionality

## Example Project

> - An example source project using mdBook and this theme, located in the [src](src) folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- An example source project using mdBook and this theme can be found in the [src](src) folder.
```

- The project’s configuration file, [book.toml](book.toml), is located in the root directory of the project.
- A rendered version of the project available on [GitHub Pages](https://espressif.github.io/esp-docs-mdbook/)

> - The deployment pipeline for the example project is located in the [`.github/workflows/deploy.yml`](.github/workflows/deploy.yml) file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The deployment pipeline for the example project is defined in the [`.github/workflows/deploy.yml`](.github/workflows/deploy.yml) file.
```
(reduce repetitive "located")

## Real-world Example

You can see an example of a real-world documentation project using this theme at [eim](https://github.com/espressif/idf-im-ui).

> There is:

Reviewer: The project includes:

- the [source folder](https://github.com/espressif/idf-im-ui/tree/master/src)
- the [book.toml file](https://github.com/espressif/idf-im-ui/blob/master/book.toml)
- the [GitHub Actions workflow](https://github.com/espressif/idf-im-ui/blob/master/.github/workflows/build_docs.yaml) for deployment to [https://docs.espressif.com](https://docs.espressif.com)

> - the rendered documentation available at [https://docs.espressif.com/projects/idf-im-ui/en/latest/](https://docs.espressif.com/projects/idf-im-ui/en/latest/)

Reviewer: Capitalize all "the".
